feat(docs): building a theme tutorial (#15668)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/tutorial/building-a-theme.md

---
title: Building a Theme

> ---

Author: We have a "table of contents" component on the docket

```json:title=package.json
{
  "private": true,
  "workspaces": ["gatsby-theme-events", "site"]
}
```

### Set up `gatsby-theme-events` and `site`

In the `authoring-themes-tutorial` folder, create two new folders, `gatsby-theme-events`, and `site`.

Create a `package.json` file in each of the new folders. Your file tree will look like this:

```
.
├── gatsby-theme-events
│   └── package.json
├── site
│   └── package.json
└── package.json
```

In the `package.json` file in `gatsby-theme-events`, add the following:

```json:title=gatsby-theme-events/package.json
{
  "name": "gatsby-theme-events",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "main": "index.js",
  "license": "MIT",
  "scripts": {
    "build": "gatsby build",
    "clean": "gatsby clean",
    "develop": "gatsby develop"
  }
}
```

- The `"name"` corresponds to the yarn workspace you defined earlier, in the root-level `package.json` folder.
- Because we'll be installing `gatsby-theme-events` as a package, we have to specify a `"main"` entry point.
  - This file won't do anything, but it does need to resolve, so create a new file in `gatsby-theme-events` called `index.js`.

```javascript:title=gatsby-theme-events/index.js

> // noop

Author: https://tenor.com/4JmK.gif

![Running the site, the basepath is now `/events`](./images/building-a-theme-changed-basepath.png)

The events listing page will now be accessible at [http://localhost:8000/events](http://localhost:8000/events). Hitting [the root path](http://localhost:8000/) will now return a 404.

## Make themes extendable with gatsby-plugin-theme-ui

You can make your theme styles extendable using the `gatsby-plugin-theme-ui` package.

Install dependencies:

```shell
yarn workspace gatsby-theme-events add gatsby-plugin-theme-ui theme-ui @emotion/core @emotion/styled @mdx-js/react
```

Then, add the `gatsby-plugin-theme-ui` plugin to the `gatsby-theme-events/gatsby-config.js` file:

```javascript:title=gatsby-theme-events/gatsby-config.js
module.exports = ({ contentPath = "data", basePath = "/" }) => ({
  plugins: [
    // highlight-next-line
    "gatsby-plugin-theme-ui",
    {
      resolve: "gatsby-source-filesystem",
      options: {
        path: contentPath,
      },
    },
    {
      resolve: "gatsby-transformer-yaml",
      options: {
        typeName: "Event",
      },
    },
  ],
})
```

> `gatsby-plugin-theme-ui` takes a global theme context object, and makes it available to all themes using `gatsby-plugin-theme-ui`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`gatsby-plugin-theme-ui` takes a global theme context object and makes it available to all themes using `gatsby-plugin-theme-ui`.
```

          <Styled.li key={event.id}>
            <strong>
              <Link to={event.slug}>{event.name}</Link>
            </strong>
            <br />
            {new Date(event.startDate).toLocaleDateString("en-US", {
              month: "long",
              day: "numeric",
              year: "numeric",
            })}{" "}
            in {event.location}
            // highlight-next-line
          </Styled.li>
        ))}
        // highlight-next-line
      </Styled.ul>
    </>
  )
}

export default EventList
```

By replacing the `h1` with `Styled.h1`, `ul` with `Styled.ul`, and `li` with `Styled.li`, the theme styles for those elements have been applied:

![Theme UI style changes showing on the events listing.](./images/building-a-theme-events-listing-styling.png)

## Publish a theme to npm

By publishing your theme to npm, you make it available to pull in as a dependency for any of your projects, and for anyone in the community to use, too.

### Namespace your theme

It's important to namespace your theme. It helps differentiate between published packages, and avoid naming collisions.

```json:title=gatsby-theme-events/package.json
{
  // highlight-next-line

>   "name": "yourname/gatsby-theme-events",

Reviewer: The namespace needs to include the `@`.

```suggestion
  "name": "@yournpmusername/gatsby-theme-events",
```

  "version": "1.0.0",
  "main": "index.js",
  "license": "MIT",
  "scripts": {
    "build": "gatsby build",
    "clean": "gatsby clean",
    "develop": "gatsby develop"
  },
  "peerDependencies": {
    "gatsby": "^2.13.19",
    "react": "^16.8.6",
    "react-dom": "^16.8.6"
  },
  "devDependencies": {
    "gatsby": "^2.13.19",
    "react": "^16.8.6",
    "react-dom": "^16.8.6"
  },
  "dependencies": {
    "@emotion/core": "^10.0.14",
    "@emotion/styled": "^10.0.14",
    "@mdx-js/react": "^1.0.27",
    "gatsby-plugin-theme-ui": "^0.2.6",
    "gatsby-source-filesystem": "^2.1.5",
    "gatsby-transformer-yaml": "^2.2.2",
    "theme-ui": "^0.2.13"
  }

> }

Reviewer: One thing that I _don't_ cover in the egghead course that we should include here: the `keywords` need to be set or the theme won't show up in the showcase. 

These are the keywords required:
https://github.com/jlengstorf/gatsby-theme-jam-example/blob/7ac09a3c860aec02bcbbd7823133dc1925729df6/theme/package.json#L27-L31

Author: Do we want copies of the example themes in the course indexed, though?

Reviewer: Hmmm... that's a good question. I was just talking about adding some kind of review process before themes show up in the showcase, so maybe we can kick this down the road a bit until we've decided how that will work?

```

### Make sure you're logged in to npm

To check whether you're logged in to npm, run `npm whoami`:

```shell
npm whoami
```

If you're logged in, it will return your npm username.

If you're not logged in, it will return an error.

To log in, run `npm adduser`:

```shell
npm adduser
```

You'll be prompted for your npm username and password, and an email. (If you don't have one, create one now).

Now that your theme is namespaced, and you're logged in to npm, you're ready to publish.

### Publish your theme

Change directories into the `gatsby-theme-events` directory and run npm publish:

```shell
cd gatsby-theme-events

> npm publish

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm publish --access public
```

```

> 💡 Because it's namespaced, you'll need to include public access.

Now it's published! After publishing, you'll be able to find your theme on npm at npmjs.com/{yourpackagename}

## Consume a theme in a Gatsby application

> Let's test the theme you've created by created!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's test the theme you've created!
```

## Use component shadowing to override theme components

"Component shadowing" in Gatsby themes allow us to override or modify components in the theme. Let's use our new "theme-test" project to experiment with this.

Start by adding a `src` folder to your project.

Inside `src`, create a folder with the same title as your theme.

> 💡 Note, with a namespaced theme, this will be two directories deep. For example, using the example of `@jlengstorf/gatsby-theme-events`, the file tree of your project will look like this:

```text
.
├── data
│   └── events.yml
├── src
│   └── @jlengstorf
│       └── gatsby-theme-events
├── gatsby-config.js
├── package.json
└── yarn.lock
```

Anything inside `theme-test/src/@jlengstorf/gatsby-theme-events` will "shadow" the `@jlengstorf/gatsby-theme-events` theme.

### Override theme colors

To test this shadowing, let's override `theme.js`:

```javascript:title=theme-test/src/@jlengstorf/gatsby-theme-events/theme.js
import { theme as baseTheme } from "@jlengstorf/gatsby-theme-events/src/theme"

export const theme = {
  ...baseTheme,
  colors: {
    ...baseTheme.colors,
    primary: "blue",
  },
}
```

> <!-- @TODO screenshot -->

Reviewer: Looks like a few screenshots are left. Not sure if you were already tracking these, so putting review comments to call them out.

Author: I was tracking these -- I pinged you about a bug encountered while following the tutorial that's preventing this.

### Override an entire component

To override an entire component, create a new file in your project, corresponding to that file in the theme.

For example, create a new file in your "theme-test" project to override `layout.js`.

```javascript:title=theme-test/src/@jlengstorf/gatsby-theme-events/components/layout.js
import React from "react"

export default ({ children }) => <>{children}</>
```

If you restart the development server, you'll see all of the styles and structure from the theme have been stripped away, because the component's been completely overridden.

> <!-- @TODO screenshot -->

Reviewer: TODO: screenshot

---
title: Building a Theme
---

In this tutorial, you'll learn how to build a theme plugin for Gatsby. This tutorial is meant as a written companion to the [Gatsby Theme Authoring Egghead course](https://egghead.io/courses/gatsby-theme-authoring).

> ## Overview

Reviewer 2: Should we remove this heading, since it's the same level as the next one?

Author: Yup -- oversight, I was going to write in the overview, but the paragraph before is sufficient.

const EventsTemplate = () => {
  const data = useStaticQuery(graphql`
    query {
      allEvent(sort: { fields: startDate, order: ASC }) {
        nodes {
          id
          name
          startDate
          endDate
          location
          url
          slug
        }
      }
    }
  `)

  const events = data.allEvent.nodes

  return <p>TODO: Build the events page template</p>
}
// highlight-end

export default EventsTemplate
```

### Create the UI to display event data

Start creating the UI to display the event data.

#### Create a general layout component

Create a new file at `gatsby-theme-events/src/components/layout.js`:

```javascript:title=gatsby-theme-events/src/components/layout.js
import React from "react"

const Layout = ({ children }) => (
  <div>
    <h1>Gatsby Events Theme</h1>
    {children}
  </div>
)

export default Layout
```

#### Create an events list component

Create a new file at `gatsby-theme-events/src/components/event-list.js`:

```javascript:title=gatsby-theme-events/src/components/event-list.js
import React from "react"

const EventList = ({ events }) => <pre>{JSON.stringify(events, null, 2)}</pre>

export default EventList
```

> For now, this component will just return whatever data you send it on the `events` prop.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For now, this component will display a stringified object from the JSON data you send it on the `events` prop.
```

### Add the layout and events list components to the events page

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By updating the `events.js` template with the following code, you will:

- Import the two new components.
- Refactor the `render` method to use the new components, and give the `<EventList>` component the events data.
```

```javascript:title=gatsby-theme-events/src/templates/events.js
import React from "react"
import { graphql, useStaticQuery } from "gatsby"
// highlight-start
import Layout from "../components/layout"
import EventList from "../components/event-list"
// highlight-end

const EventsTemplate = () => {
  const data = useStaticQuery(graphql`
    query {
      allEvent(sort: { fields: startDate, order: ASC }) {
        nodes {
          id
          name
          startDate
          endDate
          location
          url
          slug
        }
      }
    }
  `)

  const events = data.allEvent.nodes

  // highlight-start
  return (
    <Layout>
      <EventList events={events} />
    </Layout>
  )
  // highlight-end
}

export default EventsTemplate
```

> - Import the two new components.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Moving up to set up the code snippet!

> - Refactor the render method to use the new components, and give the `<EventList>` component the events data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

  <div>
    <h2>
      {name} ({location})
    </h2>
    <p>
      <EventDate startDate={startDate} endDate={endDate} />
    </p>
    <p>
      Website: <a href={url}>{url}</a>
    </p>
  </div>
)
// highlight-end

export default Event
```

> 💡 We won't go into detail on this date refactor in the written tutorial.
> For more detail, refer to the [Egghead lesson and transcript](https://egghead.io/lessons/react-style-and-format-dates-in-react).

## Configure a theme to take options

In a Gatsby theme, you can pass options both to `gatsby-config.js`, and to `gatsby-node.js`.

Update the `gatsby-theme-events/gatsby-config.js` to accept options:

```javascript:title=gatsby-theme-events/gatsby-config.js
// highlight-next-line
module.exports = ({ contentPath = "data", basePath = "/" }) => ({
  plugins: [
    {
      resolve: "gatsby-source-filesystem",
      options: {
        // highlight-next-line
        path: contentPath,
      },
    },
    {
      resolve: "gatsby-transformer-yaml",
      options: {
        typeName: "Event",
      },
    },
  ],
})
```

The `contentPath` will default to "data", and the basePath will default to root, '/'.

> In `gatsby-node.js` provided in the `gatsby-config.js` file as a second argument to the API hooks. Update the `contentPath` to accommodate setting that option in the config:

Author: Ah, not sure what happened there. Fixed:

```
In `gatsby-node.js`, the options that were added to the `gatsby-config.js` function are provided as a second argument to Gatsby's API hooks.
```

```javascript:title=gatsby-theme-events/gatsby-node.js
// highlight-start
exports.onPreBootstrap = ({ reporter }, options) => {
  const contentPath = options.contentPath || "data"
  // highlight-end

  // {...}
}

exports.sourceNodes = ({ actions }) => {
  // {...}
}

// highlight-start
exports.createResolvers = ({ createResolvers }, options) => {
  const basePath = options.basePath || "/"
  // highlight-end

  // {...}
}

// highlight-start
exports.createPages = async ({ actions, graphql, reporter }, options) => {
  const basePath = options.basePath || "/"
  // highlight-end

  // {...}
}
```

> > 💡 Up til now, you've mostly been working in the `gatsby-theme-events` space. From now on you'll be running `site` -- the Gatsby site consuming `gatsby-theme-events`, instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> 💡 Up till now, you've mostly worked in the `gatsby-theme-events` space. From now on you'll be running `site` -- the Gatsby site consuming `gatsby-theme-events`, instead.
```

> Test out this new options-setting, by making some adjustments to `site`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Test out this new options-setting by making some adjustments to `site`.
```

```javascript:title=site/gatsby-config.js
module.exports = {
  plugins: [
    {
      resolve: "gatsby-theme-events",
      options: {
        contentPath: "events",
        basePath: "/events",
      },
    },
  ],
}
```

- `contentPath` is set to "events". So, rather than looking in the default "data" directory for content, the site will be looking for content in an "events" directory.
- `basePath` is set to "events". So, rather than creating the events listing at the root (`"/"`), we should see an events listing page at `/events`.

To test this, run the site:

```shell
yarn workspace site develop
```

Once this is running, you'll observe two things:

1. An "events" directory has automatically been generated for you in `site/events`.
2. If you hit [localhost:8000/404](http://localhost:8000/404) (or any other route that doesn't exist), you'll see that the site has created an `/events` page.

However, we don't have any event data in the site. Copy the `events.yml` file from `gatsby-theme-events/data` into `site/events`. Then, restart the dev server:

![Running the site, the basepath is now `/events`](./images/building-a-theme-changed-basepath.png)

> The events listing page will now be accessible at [http://localhost:8000/events](http://localhost:8000/events). Hitting [the root path](http://localhost:8000/) will now return a 404.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The events listing page will now be accessible at [http://localhost:8000/events](http://localhost:8000/events). Hitting [the root path](http://localhost:8000/) will return a 404.
```

## Make themes extendable with gatsby-plugin-theme-ui

You can make your theme styles extendable using the `gatsby-plugin-theme-ui` package.

Install dependencies:

```shell
yarn workspace gatsby-theme-events add gatsby-plugin-theme-ui theme-ui @emotion/core @emotion/styled @mdx-js/react
```

Then, add the `gatsby-plugin-theme-ui` plugin to the `gatsby-theme-events/gatsby-config.js` file:

```javascript:title=gatsby-theme-events/gatsby-config.js
module.exports = ({ contentPath = "data", basePath = "/" }) => ({
  plugins: [
    // highlight-next-line
    "gatsby-plugin-theme-ui",
    {
      resolve: "gatsby-source-filesystem",
      options: {
        path: contentPath,
      },
    },
    {
      resolve: "gatsby-transformer-yaml",
      options: {
        typeName: "Event",
      },
    },
  ],
})
```

`gatsby-plugin-theme-ui` takes a global theme context object and makes it available to all themes using `gatsby-plugin-theme-ui`.

To use it, create a `theme.js` file in `gatsby-theme-events/src`:

```javascript:title=gatsby-theme-events/src/theme.js

> export const theme = {

Reviewer 2: Ahhhh, this is so cool!

  },
  fontSizes: [16, 18, 20, 22, 27, 36],
  lineHeights: {
    body: 1.45,
    heading: 1.1,
  },
  colors: {
    gray: ["#efefef", "#ddd", "#333", "#111"],
    background: "#fff",
    primary: "rebeccapurple",
  },
  sizes: {
    default: "90vw",
    max: "540px",
  },
  styles: {
    Layout: {
      color: "gray.2",
      fontFamily: "body",
      fontSize: 1,
      lineHeight: "body",
    },
    Header: {
      backgroundColor: "primary",
      color: "background",
      fontWeight: "bold",
      margin: "0 auto",
      maxWidth: "max",
      padding: 3,
      width: "default",
      a: {
        color: "inherit",
      },
    },
    Main: {
      margin: "0 auto",
      maxWidth: "max",
      width: "default",
    },
    Container: {
      padding: 3,
    },
    h1: {
      color: "gray.3",
      fontSize: 5,
      fontWeight: "bold",
      lineHeight: "heading",
      margin: "1rem 0 0",
    },
    ul: {
      borderTop: "1px solid",
      borderColor: "gray.0",
      listStyle: "none",
      padding: 0,
    },
    li: {
      borderBottom: "1px solid",
      borderColor: "gray.1",
      padding: 2,

>       "&:focus-within,&:hover": {

Reviewer 2: We should add a note about polyfilling `:focus-within` here or use something that's better supported.

Author: Open to suggestions! This is copied from the Egghead course.

Reviewer: I should have just dropped this entirely — it's only there to show how to style things, but this is too much style to bundle into a basic theme.

import React from "react"
import { Link } from "gatsby"
// highlight-next-line
import { Styled } from "theme-ui"

const EventList = ({ events }) => {
  return (
    <>
      // highlight-next-line
      <Styled.h1>Upcoming Events</Styled.h1>
      // highlight-next-line
      <Styled.ul>
        {events.map(event => (
          // highlight-next-line
          <Styled.li key={event.id}>
            <strong>
              <Link to={event.slug}>{event.name}</Link>
            </strong>
            <br />
            {new Date(event.startDate).toLocaleDateString("en-US", {
              month: "long",
              day: "numeric",
              year: "numeric",
            })}{" "}
            in {event.location}
            // highlight-next-line
          </Styled.li>
        ))}
        // highlight-next-line
      </Styled.ul>
    </>
  )
}

export default EventList
```

By replacing the `h1` with `Styled.h1`, `ul` with `Styled.ul`, and `li` with `Styled.li`, the theme styles for those elements have been applied:

![Theme UI style changes showing on the events listing.](./images/building-a-theme-events-listing-styling.png)

## Publish a theme to npm

> By publishing your theme to npm, you make it available to pull in as a dependency for any of your projects, and for anyone in the community to use, too.

Reviewer 2: Is this required? Can we say something about private or local packages here in the event we get a question about it?

Author: I'm not sure what you mean by "required". It's required if you want to install your theme anywhere, or share it with the community. This tutorial is intended to mirror the Egghead course.

We can say it's not required _for the tutorial_ to publish the theme. I do reference that later, that they can use the published `@jlengstorf/gatsby-theme-events` if they're rather not publish it.

Reviewer: Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
By publishing your theme to npm, you make it available to pull in as a dependency for any of your projects, and for anyone in the community to use, too.

> 💡 Please note that publishing your theme is only required if you want to install it on other sites or share it with the community. If you’re only building this theme as a learning exercise, you can skip this step.
```

Author: Perfecto

    "react-dom": "^16.8.6"
  },
  "dependencies": {
    "@emotion/core": "^10.0.14",
    "@emotion/styled": "^10.0.14",
    "@mdx-js/react": "^1.0.27",
    "gatsby-plugin-theme-ui": "^0.2.6",
    "gatsby-source-filesystem": "^2.1.5",
    "gatsby-transformer-yaml": "^2.2.2",
    "theme-ui": "^0.2.13"
  }
}
```

### Make sure you're logged in to npm

To check whether you're logged in to npm, run `npm whoami`:

```shell
npm whoami
```

If you're logged in, it will return your npm username.

If you're not logged in, it will return an error.

To log in, run `npm adduser`:

```shell
npm adduser
```

You'll be prompted for your npm username and password, and an email. (If you don't have one, create one now).

Now that your theme is namespaced, and you're logged in to npm, you're ready to publish.

### Publish your theme

Change directories into the `gatsby-theme-events` directory and run npm publish:

```shell
cd gatsby-theme-events
npm publish --access public
```

> 💡 Because it's namespaced, you'll need to include public access.

Now it's published! After publishing, you'll be able to find your theme on npm at npmjs.com/{yourpackagename}

## Consume a theme in a Gatsby application

> Let's test the theme you've created!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now it's time to test the theme you've created!
```

### Configure the theme

Open up the code for this new project.

Create a new `gatsby-config.js` file in the root:

```javascript:title=theme-test/gatsby-config.js
module.exports = {
  plugins: ["@jlengstorf/gatsby-theme-events"],
}
```

### Install the Gatsby CLI

Run:

```shell
yarn global add gatsby-cli
```

### Run the site

Making sure you're in your `/theme-test` directory, run `gatsby develop` to start the site.

![The new site, running your new Gatsby theme.](./images/building-a-theme-running-theme.png)

### Add some data

In your project, create a directory, `data`. Inside `data`, create a new file, `events.yml`:

```yaml:title=theme-test/data/events.yml
- name: Party
  location: My House
  start_date: 2019-06-26
  end_date: 2019-06-26
  url: https://jason.af/party
```

Save, and you'll see the new event data in your project:

![The new site, with your new test event data.](./images/building-a-theme-add-test-event.png)

## Use component shadowing to override theme components

> "Component shadowing" in Gatsby themes allow us to override or modify components in the theme. Let's use our new "theme-test" project to experiment with this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
"Component shadowing" in Gatsby themes allow you to override or modify components in the theme. Use your new "theme-test" project to experiment with this.
```

Start by adding a `src` folder to your project.

Inside `src`, create a folder with the same title as your theme.

> 💡 Note, with a namespaced theme, this will be two directories deep. For example, using the example of `@jlengstorf/gatsby-theme-events`, the file tree of your project will look like this:

```text
.
├── data
│   └── events.yml
├── src
│   └── @jlengstorf
│       └── gatsby-theme-events
├── gatsby-config.js
├── package.json
└── yarn.lock
```

Anything inside `theme-test/src/@jlengstorf/gatsby-theme-events` will "shadow" the `@jlengstorf/gatsby-theme-events` theme.

### Override theme colors

> To test this shadowing, let's override `theme.js`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To test this shadowing, override `theme.js` with some custom colors:
```

```javascript:title=theme-test/src/@jlengstorf/gatsby-theme-events/theme.js
import { theme as baseTheme } from "@jlengstorf/gatsby-theme-events/src/theme"

export const theme = {
  ...baseTheme,
  colors: {
    ...baseTheme.colors,
    primary: "blue",
  },
}
```

<!-- @TODO screenshot -->

### Override an entire component

To override an entire component, create a new file in your project, corresponding to that file in the theme.

For example, create a new file in your "theme-test" project to override `layout.js`.

```javascript:title=theme-test/src/@jlengstorf/gatsby-theme-events/components/layout.js
import React from "react"

export default ({ children }) => <>{children}</>
```

If you restart the development server, you'll see all of the styles and structure from the theme have been stripped away, because the component's been completely overridden.

> <!-- @TODO screenshot -->

Reviewer 2: I'm sure you're already on this, but a recap would help to wrap up the tutorial. Adding a note here as a reminder!

Author: Yep, just added a conclusion!

For example, create a new file to override the layout component: `theme-test/src/@jlengstorf/gatsby-theme-events/components/layout.js`.

```javascript:title=theme-test/src/@jlengstorf/gatsby-theme-events/components/layout.js
import React from "react"

export default ({ children }) => <>{children}</>
```

If you restart the development server, you'll see all of the styles and structure from the theme have been stripped away, because the component has been completely overridden:

![Test site, with layout component overridden.](./images/building-a-theme-override-component.png)

## Conclusion

Congratulations! You've set up, built, and customized your first Gatsby theme!

### Further reading

- Check out the [Gatsby themes docs](/docs/themes/) to keep learning.
- Have an idea for a theme you'd like to build? Get a headstart on a local theme development workspace using the [Theme Workspace starter](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/tree/master/themes/gatsby-starter-theme-workspace).
- Have you built a Gatsby starter before? Perhaps [convert that starter to a theme](/docs/themes/converting-a-starter).

> - All through the month of July 2019, Jason Lengstorf will be live-streaming building themes with community members. Follow his Twitch channel for updates, or check out recordings from previous streams:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All through the month of July 2019, Jason Lengstorf will be live-streaming building themes with community members. Follow [his Twitch channel](https://twitch.tv/jlengstorf) for updates, or check out [recordings from previous streams](https://jason.af/lwj-youtube).
```

>   - [Building your first Gatsby theme (with Emma Wedekind)](https://youtu.be/W2uTfay3doo)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: This is going to be hard to keep up-to-date (there are already two more streams to add to it), so a link to the playlist will be easier to manage I think.
